NAMESPACE   NAME     READY   STATUS             RESTARTS       AGE
e-34        nginx1   1/1     Running            0              15m
e-34        nginx2   1/1     Running            0              15m
exam-1      nginx1   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (110s ago)   7m32s
exam-1      nginx2   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (86s ago)    7m17s
exam-24     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              13m
exam-24     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              13m
exam-26     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              7m23s
exam-26     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              7m23s
exam-27     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              15m
exam-28     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              5m27s
exam-28     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              5m16s
exam-29     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              4m1s
exam-29     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              3m28s
exam-30     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              15m
exam-30     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              15m
exam-35     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              11m
exam-36     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              2m9s
exam-36     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              2m9s
exam-38     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              20m
exam-38     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              20m
exam-40     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              15m
exam-40     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              14m
exam-46     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              24m
exam-46     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              24m
exam-49     nginx1   1/1     Running            0              3m1s
exam-49     nginx2   1/1     Running            0              2m58s
